If you look at it, it looks like a toy.
I think it would be a good idea not to mention being responsible.
Price warder, you must rely on lies to support China.
Xiaofeng, you didn’t buy too much. Don’t tell me.
How do you know if it's a request?
Tiancheng, can you please stop talking?
Boy, I don't know why he targeted you like this.
But he. And you don't avoid other requests.
If you don't teach a person like him a lesson,
He doesn't know how to be a good person. you.
People also understand.
The target is the Communist Party leader, let alone the responsible manager.
Why did she come back here?
I heard that I could only watch it on business documentaries before.
She is the picture shop led by the talented empress Wan Zhao herself.
Quanhua Guoquan wanted to see her for a year.
I can reach her because Xiaofeng called her here.
I did it during the injury meeting this year.
Let’s go to Brother Zhao of New Business
You and Cao Lai
Even if it’s not a human being, he appears in person
I really thought this angry thief was rich
You are the one who buys houses and cars and becomes a thief.
Today you exorcise the light spirit
We are here to support you
It was received from the final branch of our Genting Special Branch.
Just ask to come and testify
I manage the property
They are all industries owned by the Tianzhen Group.
Never tolerate falsehoods
Xiaowu Ziye Creation Element
See people
Who doesn't enter you
Our naive group
never trust